I will have to follow. Tairn and Sgaeyl haven’t been separated for years. Her last rider died almost fifty years ago, and as far as I know, she flew wherever and whenever she wanted to be near Tairn before Naolin—his last rider—died in Tyrrendor. It’s a two-day flight to that part of our border, depending on where he’s stationed, so what are we going to do next year and the year after?” Her lips purse. “Not sure. Feirge said we won’t be able to be apart more than a couple of days, so does that mean one of you has to always follow the other?” “No clue. I think that’s why most mated pairs bond within the same year, so they don’t have these issues. How am I supposed to remain competitive next year if I’m constantly flying off to the front line with Tairn? How is Xaden supposed to be effective if he has to fly back here all the time?” My face scrunches. “He’s the most powerful rider of our generation. He’s going to be needed on the front, not here.” “For now.” Rhiannon stares at me with intention, lifting her brows. “He’s the most powerful rider in our generation for now.” “What—” Three knocks have both of us looking toward her door. “Rhi?” Liam asks, panic evident in his voice. “Is Sorrengail in there with you? Because—” Rhiannon opens the door, and Liam stumbles inside, catching his balance before his gaze sweeps the room, finding mine. “There you are! I went to the bathroom, and you disappeared!” “No one’s trying to assassinate her in my room, Mairi.” Rhiannon rolls her eyes. “You don’t have to be with her every second of every fucking day. Now give us five minutes and then we’ll start walking to class.” She pushes at his chest and he retreats, his mouth opening and shutting like he’s trying to think of an argument but can’t as she forces him out the door and shuts it in his face. “He’s…” I sigh. “Dedicated.” “That’s one word for it,” she mutters. “You’d think that guy owes Riorson his life or something, the way he sticks to you like glue.” He’s pretty much told me that he does, but I keep that confidence to myself.

